Cite 14.1 of -transport for Initial padding (#4569)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

Minimizing the size of these values increases the probability that clients can
use them and still fit their ClientHello message in their first Initial packet.

The TLS implementation does not need to ensure that the ClientHello is large

> enough to meet the requirements in Section 8.1 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.  QUIC
> PADDING frames are added to increase the size of the packet as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enough to meet the requirements for QUIC packets. QUIC PADDING frames are added
to increase the size of the packet as necessary; see Section 14.1 of
{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
```
